Update Python compatibility requirements and documentation for airflowctl (#58653)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-ctl/docs/installation/prerequisites.rst

    - Password Store (pass) backend for python's keyring
- `keyring_jeepney <https://pypi.org/project/keyring_jeepney>`__
    - a pure Python backend using the secret service ``DBus`` API for desktop Linux (requires ``keyring<24``).

Python Version Compatibility
----------------------------

> airflowctl is compatible with Python 3.10 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
``airflowctl`` is compatible with versions of Python 3.10 through Python 3.14.
```
